ReadMe.md, before:

﻿---
location:
- 10.5
- -66.93
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
SpocWebEntityId: 27052
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Venezuela
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- VE
- VEN
- Venezuela
- Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
- Venezuela (República Bolivariana de)
- Venezuela (République bolivarienne du)
- فنزويلا (جمهورية - البوليفارية)
- 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国)
- Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика)
- the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
- la República Bolivariana de Venezuela
Languages:
- es-VE
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: VES ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Bolívar ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 937 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: VENEZUELA (BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF) ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 58 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Venezuela ] 
[	name-en	 :: Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) ] 
[	name-es	 :: Venezuela (República Bolivariana de) ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Venezuela (République bolivarienne du) ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国) ] 
[	name-ar	 :: فنزويلا (جمهورية - البوليفارية) ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика) ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Venezuela ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Venezuela (República Bolivariana de) ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Venezuela (République bolivarienne du) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: فنزويلا ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية فنزويلا البوليفارية ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国) ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 委内瑞拉玻利瓦尔共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République bolivarienne du Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика) ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Боливарианская Республика Венесуэла ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Americas]]  
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[South America]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Latin America and the Caribbean]] 

[	Region	 :: 19 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 :: 5 ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 419 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 3625428 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: VE ] 
[	FIFA	 :: VEN ] 
[	IOC	 :: VEN ] 
[	MARC	 :: ve ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 263 ] 
[	WMO	 :: VN ] 
[	ITU	 :: VEN ] 
[	DS	 :: YV ] 
[	TLD	 :: .ve ] 
[	EDGAR	 ::  ] 
[	M49	 :: 862 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developing ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 862 ] 



[ISO2::VE] 
[ISO3::VEN] 

```leaflet
id: Venezuela
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: ./
```

[name-en::Venezuela] 
[name-de::Venezuela] 
[Area-Total::912050] 
[Area-Land::882050] 
Continent :: [[South-America]]  
[VehicleCode::YV] 
Capital :: [[Venezuela/Counties/Distrito_Capital/City/Caracas]]  

![[Venezuela/Coat_of_arms_of_Venezuela.svg|350]] 

![[Anthem-Venezuela.mp3]] 

![[Venezuela/Flag_of_Venezuela.svg|350]] 

[Alcohol-l::8.2] 
[Language-Id::492] 
[geo-lon::-66.93] 
[geo-lat::10.5] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[Venezuela|Venezuela]] 
- [[../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.internal|Venezuela.internal]] 
- [[../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.protect|Venezuela.protect]] 
- [[../../../../_private/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.private|Venezuela.private]] 
- [[../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.personal|Venezuela.personal]] 
- [[../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.secret|Venezuela.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

ReadMe.md, after:

﻿---
location:
- 10.5
- -66.93
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
SpocWebEntityId: 27052
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Venezuela
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- VE
- VEN
- Venezuela
- Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
- Venezuela (República Bolivariana de)
- Venezuela (République bolivarienne du)
- فنزويلا (جمهورية - البوليفارية)
- 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国)
- Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика)
- the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
- la República Bolivariana de Venezuela
Languages:
- es-VE
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: VES ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Bolívar ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 937 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: VENEZUELA (BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF) ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 58 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Venezuela ] 
[	name-en	 :: Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) ] 
[	name-es	 :: Venezuela (República Bolivariana de) ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Venezuela (République bolivarienne du) ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国) ] 
[	name-ar	 :: فنزويلا (جمهورية - البوليفارية) ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика) ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Venezuela ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República Bolivariana de Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Venezuela (República Bolivariana de) ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Venezuela (République bolivarienne du) ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: فنزويلا ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية فنزويلا البوليفارية ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 委内瑞拉(玻利瓦尔共和国) ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 委内瑞拉玻利瓦尔共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République bolivarienne du Venezuela ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Венесуэла (Боливарианская Республика) ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Боливарианская Республика Венесуэла ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Americas]]  
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[South America]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Latin America and the Caribbean]] 

[	Region	 :: 19 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 :: 5 ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 419 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 3625428 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: VE ] 
[	FIFA	 :: VEN ] 
[	IOC	 :: VEN ] 
[	MARC	 :: ve ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 263 ] 
[	WMO	 :: VN ] 
[	ITU	 :: VEN ] 
[	DS	 :: YV ] 
[	TLD	 :: .ve ] 
[	EDGAR	 ::  ] 
[	M49	 :: 862 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developing ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 862 ] 



[ISO2::VE] 
[ISO3::VEN] 

```leaflet
id: Venezuela
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: ./
```

[name-en::Venezuela] 
[name-de::Venezuela] 
[Area-Total::912050] 
[Area-Land::882050] 
Continent :: [[South-America]]  
[VehicleCode::YV] 
Capital :: [[Venezuela/Counties/Distrito_Capital/City/Caracas]]  

![[Venezuela/Coat_of_arms_of_Venezuela.svg|350]] 

![[Anthem-Venezuela.mp3]] 

![[Venezuela/Flag_of_Venezuela.svg|350]] 

[Alcohol-l::8.2] 
[Language-Id::492] 
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::-66.93] 
[has_place_latitude::10.5] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[Venezuela|Venezuela]] 
- [[../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.internal|Venezuela.internal]] 
- [[../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.protect|Venezuela.protect]] 
- [[../../../../_private/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.private|Venezuela.private]] 
- [[../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.personal|Venezuela.personal]] 
- [[../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela.secret|Venezuela.secret]]
