States~Venezuela/Distrito_Capital/City/Caracas.md, before:

---
location: [10.5,-66.93] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 29478
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::-66.93] 
[geo-lat::10.5] 
[name::Caracas] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Venezuela]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Caracas
coordinates: [[Caracas]] 
markerFile: [[Caracas]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas|Caracas]] 
- [[../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.public|Caracas.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.internal|Caracas.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.protect|Caracas.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.private|Caracas.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.personal|Caracas.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.secret|Caracas.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

States~Venezuela/Distrito_Capital/City/Caracas.md, after:

---
location: [10.5,-66.93] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 29478
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::-66.93] 
[has_place_latitude::10.5] 
[name::Caracas] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Venezuela]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::] 


```leaflet
id: Caracas
coordinates: [[Caracas]] 
markerFile: [[Caracas]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas|Caracas]] 
- [[../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.public|Caracas.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.internal|Caracas.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.protect|Caracas.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.private|Caracas.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.personal|Caracas.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/America~South/Venezuela/City/Caracas.secret|Caracas.secret]]
